hey there it's J once again with reviews
of mobile games from mobbed org today's
episode a dangerous Runner an arcade
adventure gladiator fights arm some cars
an RPG fairytale and a trash game let's
go
everyone knows that Japanese games start
and hardmode don't believe you can try
avoid Hiro control a small stickman and
a red cloak evade countless boulders and
various sizes randomly appearing on the
screen score as many points as you can
and brag about at the comments section
save humanity from nuclear fallout with
your friends as this adventure RPG
helped me jack
explore lost cities fight monsters and
mutants who have captured the lands beat
the campaign earn achievements game as a
cool art style you're a leveling system
fascinating story open world or the 200
levels and much much more
enter chained is a stylish black and
white game about gladiatorial fights
where you will tap your opponents to
death yes you it's not you like in you
personally you like in several of you
you will tap your opponents to death as
the game is designed for co-op
multiplayer to chain together gladiators
need to defeat all the enemies in order
to break free use the chain as a weapon
knock your enemies down and finish them
off with combos oh yeah cars fast as
lightning is a new game loft creation
that combines elements of a farming game
and a racer you'll get a city that you
need to prepare for a racing event
you'll be able to meet all the
characters from the famous cartoon the
game has fully voiced at scenes with
stunning animation and lightning is
played by Owen Wilson himself you know
that actor with the broken nose yeah I
can't really do an impression of them in
short the game has incredible races cool
graphics and over 30 story missions an
ancient evil from another dimension has
destroyed the Sun and it's fragments are
covering the entire earth in this time
of devastation the Dark Lord began to
enslave the world epic forces fairytale
characters the game is a turn-based
strategy kind and winning battles let
you level up your army and recruit new
fairytail heroes find out what skills
the wolf and Little Red Riding Hood
unlock at level 15 participate in PvP
battles and defeat the Dark Lord on your
device alrighty let's get down to the
trash during my life I've seen don't
simulator
don't simulator even a blind simulator
this is what that looks like by the way
but I've never thought about what it's
like to be a scorpion I should have done
that by now right I mean they are people
too after all if their own tastes and
goals after playing the Scorpion
simulator you'll learn a lot about their
lives they eat with difficulties they
experience on a path level up your
scorpion discover new combos abilities
find a girlfriend make sweet scorpion
love to her oh yeah have kids on a tree
fill the house oh good lord I can't talk
about this festering turd seriously
because scorpion venom does one have to
be on a create such a gate still try it
out if you like to suffer through things
as my granny always said things happened
you never know when that experience
could come in handy she sounded exactly
like that too maybe in your next life
you'll become an Android game scorpion I
know maybe I only want you to play it
because I was forced to I just want you
to share my game well that's all for
today so download subscribe to the
channel like the video and our Facebook
page this was J with reviews from mobbed
or see you
you